Incorrect key to throw CosmosExceptions with HttpStatusCode.Unauthorized status code (#785)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

- [#756](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/756) Change Feed Processor with WithStartTime would execute the delegate the first time with no items.
- [#761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/761) CosmosClient deadlocks when using a custom Task Scheduler like Orleans (Thanks to jkonecki)
- [#769](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/769) Session Consistency + Gateway mode session-token bug fix: Under few rare non-success cases session token might be in-correct

> - [#785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/785) Unauthorized errors during client initialization now generate CosmosExceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#785](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/785) Incorrect key to throw CosmosExceptions with HttpStatusCode.Unauthorized status code
```
